Token			Lexeme
identifier                m 
operator                 =
identifier                k 
separator                 ;
keyword                if
separator                 (
identifier       louiseScore
operator                 >
identifier         geneScore
separator                 )
separator                 {
keyword                if
separator                 (
identifier         geneScore
operator                ==
identifier                x 
separator                 )
identifier            winner
operator                 =
identifier              gene
separator                 ;
separator                 }
keyword              real
identifier                s 
operator                 =
real               4.3
separator                 ;
keyword             while
separator                 (
identifier                j 
operator                !=
identifier                s 
separator                 )
keyword           integer
identifier                d 
operator                 =
integer                3 
separator                 ;
keyword                if
separator                 (
identifier             p2p2p
operator                ==
identifier                j 
separator                 )
identifier             count
operator                 =
identifier             count
operator                 +
integer                1 
separator                 ;
identifier             endif
separator                $$
keyword              read
separator                 (
identifier               low
separator                 ,
identifier              high
separator                 )
separator                $$
